[Merged by Bors] - Update README.md and fix linting errors (#3407)
spacemeshos/go-spacemesh: README.md

Spacemesh is designed to be ASIC-resistant and in a way that doesn’t give an unfair advantage to rich parties who can afford setting up dedicated computers on the network. We achieve this by using a novel consensus protocol and optimize the software to be most effectively be used on home PCs that are also used for interactive apps.

### What is this good for?

Provide dapp and app developers with a robust way to add value exchange and other value related features to their apps at scale. Our goal is to create a truly decentralized cryptocurrency that fulfills the original vision behind bitcoin to become a secure trustless store of value as well as a transactional currency with extremely low transaction fees.

### Target Users

go-spacemesh is designed to be installed and operated on users' home PCs to form one decentralized computer. It is going to be distributed in the Spacemesh App but people can also build and run it from source code.

### Project Status

> We are working hard towards our first major milestone - a public permission-less testnet running the Spacemesh consensus protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are working hard towards our first major milestone - a public permissionless testnet running the Spacemesh consensus protocol.
```

Reviewer: add it to dictionary without hyphen. it's a word if you're working with blockchains.
adding the hyphen sounds like we just use permissions less than others.
spacemesh is a truly permissionless distributed system.

This will build the `go-spacemesh` binary, saving it in the `build/` directory.

To build a binary for a specific architecture directory use:
```

```bash
make darwin | linux | freebsd | windows
```

Platform-specific binaries are saved to the `/build` directory.

### Using `go build` and `go test` without `make`
To build code without using `make` the `CGO_LDFLAGS` environment variable must be set
appropriately. The required value can be obtained by running `make print-ldflags` or
`make print-test-ldflags`.

This can be done in 3 ways:
1. Setting the variable in the shell environment (e.g., in bash run `CGO_LDFLAGS=$(make print-ldflags)`).
2. Prefixing the key and value to the `go` command (e.g., `CGO_LDFLAGS=$(make print-ldflags) go build`).
3. Using `go env -w CGO_LDFLAGS=$(make print-ldflags)`, which persistently adds this value to Go's
   environment for any future runs.

There's a handy shortcut for the 3rd method: `make go-env` or `make go-env-test`.

> 

Reviewer: why do you want to delete this?
I actually referenced this paragraph a bunch when cloning fresh from github.

Author: My bad. I didn't see the the target in `Makefile` and incorrectly assumed that the documentation lacks behind. I missed that the `go-env` target is included from `Makefile-gpu.Inc`. Will revert that section.

You specify these parameters by providing go-spacemesh with a json config file. Other CLI flags control local node behavior and override default values.

#### Joining a Testnet (without mining)

1. Build go-spacemesh from source code.
2. Download the testnet's json config file. Make sure your local config file suffix is .json.
2. Download the testnet's json config file. Make sure your local config file suffix is `.json`.
3. Start go-spacemesh with the following arguments:

```bash

> ./go-spacemesh --tcp-port [a_port] --config [configFileLocation] -d [nodeDataFilesPath]

Reviewer: what's the current way to set custom ports?
maybe we should mention here?

Author: I assume it is `--listen` which takes a multiaddr and defaults to `/ip4/0.0.0.0/tcp/7513`. I will update accordingly.

    ./go-spacemesh --listen /ip4/0.0.0.0/tcp/7513 --config ./tn1.json -d ./sm_data
    ```

4. Build the [CLI Wallet](https://github.com/spacemeshos/CLIWallet) from source code and run it:
5. Use the CLI Wallet commands to setup accounts, start smeshing and execute transactions.

```bash
./cli_wallet
```

#### Joining a Testnet (with mining)

1. Run go-spacemesh to join a testnet without mining (see above).
2. Run the CLI Wallet to create a coinbase account. Save your coinbase account public address - you'll need it later.
3. Stop go-spacemesh and start it with the following params:

    ```bash
    ./go-spacemesh --listen [a_multiaddr] --config [configFileLocation] -d [nodeDataFilesPath] --coinbase [coinbase_account] --start-mining --post-datadir [dir_for_post_data]
    ```

    **Example:**

    ```bash
    ./go-spacemesh --listen /ip4/0.0.0.0/tcp/7513 --config ./tn1.json -d ./sm_data --coinbase 0x36168c60e06abbb4f5df6d1dd6a1b15655d71e75 --start-mining --post-datadir ./post_data
    ```

4. Use the CLI wallet to check your coinbase account balance and to transact

#### Joining Spacemesh ([TweedleDee](https://testnet.spacemesh.io/#/?id=what-is-spacemesh-01-tweedledee)) Testnet

> Find the latest Testnet release in the [releases](https://github.com/spacemeshos/go-spacemesh/releases/) and download the precompiled binary for your platform of choice (or you can compile `go-spacemesh` yourself, from source, using the release tag). The release notes contain a link to a `config.json` file that you'll need to join the testnet.

Reviewer: @lrettig what should we do about this section?
Should we remove mention of TweedleDee?

Also, I haven't seen release notes with a link to the config.json recently. @andres-spacemesh 

Note: approving this PR because this other stuff can be changed later

Reviewer 2: Remove mentions of tweedledee. Maybe remove all mentions of the testnet completely for now. We'll re-add it later when we have new testnet plans in place.
